# 0.10.0 (29. 6. 2023)
- Allow specifying certain attributes (e.g. `#[into]` or `#[unwrap]`) on delegated segments.
The attribute will then be applied to all methods in that segment (unless it is overwritten on the method itself).
```rust
delegate! {
  #[unwrap]
  to self.inner {
    fn foo(&self) -> u32; // calls self.inner.foo().unwrap()
    fn bar(&self) -> u32; // calls self.inner.bar().unwrap()
  }
}
```
- Add new `#[unwrap]` method modifier. Adding it on top of a delegated method will cause the generated
code to `.unwrap()` the result.
```rust
#[unwrap]
fn foo(&self) -> u32;  // foo().unwrap()
```
- Add new `#[through(<trait>)]` method modifier. Adding it on top of a delegated method will cause the generated
  code to call the method through the provided trait using [UFCS](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/expressions/call-expr.html#disambiguating-function-calls).
```rust
#[through(MyTrait)]
delegate! {
  to &self.inner {
    #[through(MyTrait)]
    fn foo(&self) -> u32;  // MyTrait::foo(&self.inner)
  }
}
```
- Removed `#[try_into(unwrap)]`. It can now be replaced with the combination of `#[try_into]` and `#[unwrap]`:
```rust
#[try_into]
#[unwrap]
fn foo(&self) -> u32;  // TryInto::try_into(foo()).unwrap()
```
- Add the option to specify explicit type path to the `#[into]` expression modifier:
```rust
#[into(u64)]
fn foo(&self) -> u64; // Into::<u64>::into(foo())
```
- Expression modifiers `#[into]`, `#[try_into]` and `#[unwrap]` can now be used multiple times. The order
of their usage dictates in what order they will be applied:
```rust
#[into]
#[unwrap]
fn foo(&self) -> u32;  // Into::into(foo()).unwrap()

#[unwrap]
#[into]
fn foo(&self) -> u32;  // Into::into(foo().unwrap())
```

# 0.9.0 (16. 1. 2023)
- Add new `#[as_ref]` function parameter modifier ([#47](https://github.com/Kobzol/rust-delegate/pull/47)).
  Implemented by [trueegorletov](https://github.com/trueegorletov).

# 0.8.0 (7. 9. 2022)
- Allow simple delegation to enum variants ([#45](https://github.com/Kobzol/rust-delegate/pull/45)).
Implemented by [gfreezy](https://github.com/gfreezy).

# 0.7.0 (6. 6. 2022)
- Add new `#[into]` attribute for delegated function parameters. If specified, the parameter will be
converted using the `From` trait before being passed as an argument to the called function.
- Add new `#[try_from]` attribute to delegated functions. You can use it to convert the delegated
expression using the `TryFrom` trait. You can also use `#[try_from(unwrap)]` to unwrap the result of
the conversion.

# 0.6.2 (31. 1. 2022)
- Add new `#[await(true/false)]` attribute to delegated functions. You can use it to control whether
`.await` will be appended to the delegated expression. It will be generated by default if the delegation
method signature is `async`.

# 0.6.1 (25. 7. 2021)
- add support for `async` functions. The delegated call will now use `.await`.

# 0.6.0 (7. 7. 2021)
- add the option to specify inline expressions that will be used as arguments for the delegated call (https://github.com/kobzol/rust-delegate/pull/34)
- removed `append_args` attribute, which is superseded by the mentioned expression in signature support

# 0.5.2 (16. 6. 2021)
- add the `append_args` attribute to append attributes to delegated calls (https://github.com/kobzol/rust-delegate/pull/31)

# 0.5.1 (6. 1. 2021)
- fix breaking change caused by using `syn` private API (https://github.com/kobzol/rust-delegate/issues/28) 

# 0.5.0 (16. 11. 2020)
- `self` can now be used as the delegation target
- Rust 1.46 introduced a change that makes it a bit difficult to use `rust-delegate` implementations
generated by macros. If you have this use case, please use [this workaround](https://github.com/kobzol/rust-delegate/issues/25#issuecomment-716774685).
